---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-25T17:57:42.531Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-25T17:57:28.566Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-25-d7f60712-75f2-4016-bdbe-5a2fe50dd7c3.md
published: true
url: d7f60712-75f2-4016-bdbe-5a2fe50dd7c3/index.html
_type: Article

---
Using Social Networks to Drive Traffic to Your Offers
If you have a landing page or a squeeze page that is selling a product or collecting leads, then your business model will be simple: send as many people there as possible. 

The more people you can send to the page you just constructed the page that has been constructed especially to convert visitors into buyers. the greater your turnover and your profit will be. 

Social media is a perfect tool for doing this but you need to use it correctly. Here's how Facebook CPA
One particularly useful tool for driving visitors to an offer is the option on Facebook to use CPA advertising. For those who are unfamiliar, CPA is a type of PPC advertising with a twist ñ you only pay when someone actually takes action. 

There are many different ëactionsí you can set up to this effect, but the one weíre interested in in this case is the ëredeem voucherí offer. 
Essentially, you can create an offer and promote it through Facebook and then only get charged when someone actually clicks through and takes advantage of the discount youíre offering. 

This is very much the perfect scenario for everyone involved. You will impress your followers by offering a discount specifically to them while the same time only paying when they buy. This is a guaranteed ROI!
YouTube
Don't be afraid to use video to promote your special offers. 

In a video you can demonstrate the product you are pedalling and this in turn allows you to show it off in much greater detail, while at the same time using your personality combined with music and other features to really get people interested and to ensure they canít take their eyes off the screen. 

Video has the potential to be far more engaging and persuasive as compared with pretty much any other medium!
Events and Promotions
Social networks give you the advantage of having a real life network to leverage. When used correctly, this can potentially allow a link, product or anything else to go viral. 

So for instance, you could run a promotion offering to give a big discount if you get X number of likes. Similarly, you can run competitions, or you can provide discounts for people who refer a friend. This way, your initial post can be seen by many more people and at the same time, you can increase engagement.